What I done over the years:

On January 2022, I discovered Scratch, but did not actually join until June. I did not start coding until March, though.

On March 2022, I started my first project in Scratch, remaking Geometry Dash. I also worked on a side project, called Marsh, for my friend. Marsh was a quick project, but I worked on it once every week, which explains why it was shared on June. Geometry Dash, though, took longer to make, taking up April, May, and June as well. I was working offline. 

On June 2022, I thought that Marsh was ready, so I joined Scratch to try and share it. This did not end up shared in my main account, instead, my friend shared it. It was still my project, and it was a collab. My Geometry Dash project failed, and I never shared it. It is just sitting in my account. So, I decided to remix another Geometry Dash recreation and change things up there. Before I remixed, I made a quick project called "The Scratch Cat" which would mark my first project in Scratch. Then I shared the remix.

On July 2022, I did not share a lot in Scratch. Rather I did, but they were very bad that I ended up deleting them for good. I did get an idea for a project, and it would be a platformer with an editor. I really liked these types of projects, like Geometry Dash platformer mode, which was my favorite game (Geometry Dash 2.2 was not released to the public yet). I decided that since I can code, I would make this game, and call it Blocky (name from Cookiecreamx7). I started with the player, which looked like a Geometry Dash player, but I changed it a bit to look more original. I then spent all of July trying to make an editor to be able to place blocks in it. I sort of failed and succeeded.

On August 2022, my game was ready for release. On the 8th, I released it. It did preform the best out of all my projects, getting 100 views. I was proud of this, and updated the game a bit to be better. I decided to make some other projects in Scratch, like some levels for a game called Appel, a game I really liked (one of my favorite in Scratch). I then decided to follow a tutorial from Griffpatch, and make a tile-scrolling platformer. While following, I noticed how the editor was very good, much better than my editor from Blocky. I realized that I failed making an editor and that my project as a whole was a failure.

On September 2022, I had to do something about Blocky. This was not a game I wanted to make. The tile-scrolling tutorial made a game much better than this. I decided to redo Blocky entirely, starting a new project. I never updated the original Blocky ever again. Throughout the entire month I tried to make a working editor just likethe one I saw from the tutorial.

Once it was October 2022, I succeeded. Blocky had a functioning level editor, and making levels was way easier than the original game I made. I still needed to make a menu, and a storyline, so the game was far from done. I wanted to do something with this editor, so I made a level, and I made it multiplayer. I failed with the multiplayer, but at least the level worked. I continued with the game, working on the menu successfully, until my friend wanted to collab. We made Dotty's Adventure, which was only a 2 day work, using the new level editor that I learned to make. After this game was shared, not on my account though, I continued my work.

On November 2022, I continued to work on Blocky throughout the entire month. My friend wanted to collab again, this time this game took the entire month. I made The Warrior, which was also a mini project, but it took longer to make than Dotty's Adventure. I made this once per week, and focused on Blocky. Blocky was being wrapped up at the end of this month, and I would fully finish The Warrior. I gave it to my friend who shared it, and it somehow got #1 on trending. I do not know how this happened to my friend, but my friend got so many followers, and became more popular than me. It was my project, and it was kind of unfair.

On December 2022, Blocky was finished, and I was going to share it on the second week. Before I shared it, I explored an idea of random world generation, which I was planning to implement in Blocky in the future. The Warrior was on trending this entire month, and it got on the popular projects for half a year. On December 9, 2022, Blocky was shared. It got a few hundred views, but it was nowhere near as successful as The Warrior. On the same day, Dotty's Adventures got curated, which boosted the popularity of my friend even more. It was unfair. Yet again, after sharing Blocky, my friend wanted to collab again. I was working on The Survivor, which also was using a level editor like Blocky. It was basically the same thing like my other collabs, except with a few things changed. The Survivor was shared on December 24, and it did not blow up like The Warrior, it only got a thousand views. I did another collab, but this time I made a regular platformer, a winter themed one, and it was shared on December 25. Also, I decided to follow Griffpatch's tutorials, making a classic platformer I would have shared later. I made a 3D raycaster, and that was all I could make in 2022.